* Privacy Policy - Network SpeedoMeter

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.

**Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

** Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. 
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable. 
And we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

** Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.
If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

** Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
Our Service is not specifically marketed towards anyone under the age of 13.

** Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. 
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 
This policy is effective as of September 01, 2020.

** Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us on jayfreelancer91@gmail.com.
